I'm messy Brown I'm Marlo fields I'm
Taylor Christensen my name is Hector
Cunha and I have a senior bachelor of
fine arts major in the College of Fine
Arts and communication I am a senior
with political science and history
majors in the College of Letters and
science
I'm a senior clinical lab science major
in the College of Professional Studies
I'm a senior in land-use planning in the
College of Natural Resources over the
last three years I have spent countless
hours in this painting studio
discovering learning and perfecting my
craft most of the influential moments of
my education have come from shared
studio time with fellow artists I feel
that my instructors have encouraged me
to further my opportunities both as
students and as much as a CLS student
the resource room has been something
that has impacted my studies in a
positive way although our campus
study rooms available the resource room
is attached to our lab which is where we
do most of our hands on the study one of
the best parts of the research room is
that there's always other CLS students
in here and it's easy it's tight
together I found that as time went on
not only do we help each other learn
class material but we also farm the
strong bonds religions if I could point
to a place that is impacted me as a
student it would be the campus garden as
a member of sustainable agriculture in
community society I get to learn from
like-minded students and community
members about how to grow in the city
the gardens are rising outdoor classroom
with lessons in seed starting garden
planning and purposes all of these
skills I'll use to pursue a career that
I'll love plus I get to grow food
there was something I could point to as
impacting me as a student who would be
the sixth floor of the Learning Resource
Center the strenuous voyage up to the
sixth floor
reminds me of the sacrifice needed to be
proficient in my studies on the sixth
floor I find a quiet little corner all
to myself which provides an ideal
environment for learning as something
tonight
I take a look at UWSP form opens massive
windows as a reminder to why I am a
point your gift no matter the size not
all students need to bring color to the
world to help cities establish urban
agriculture who solve and understand
past and perfect
to impact patients lives as a
four-pointer I'm asking you to make a
gift establish a scholarship to support
your college strengthen article person
and help to point me in the right
direction a pointer I will point I'm
appointed I